show how to suspend your own machine (#2207)
superfly/docs: reference/suspend-resume.html.md

POST /v1/apps/{app_name}/machines/{machine_id}/start
```

> While usage of the Machines API in general requires an API token, suspending your own machine using the `/.fly/api` Unix socket directly does not:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, you need an API token to use the Machines API. But if you're just suspending _your own_ machine, you can skip the token and hit the `/.fly/api` Unix socket directly:
```
